General:

How are you? - I’M WELL, THANK YOU. AND YOU?
What visa are you applying for? - L1B blanket visa
Have you already been to the U.S.? - No i haven't been to US
Can I see your petition letter? - ?
Can I see your papers and passport?  - Yes , please
Please give me the visa fee receipt.  (That is $500 fraud detection fee receipt.)- ?

Current work:

Where do you work? - I work in Newyork city
How long have you been working with your current company? - I've been working with my company for 6 years 2 months
-What is your current salary? 
-What are your current roles and responsibilities? 
-Who is your customer? 
What is your designation? - Consultant
-Who are the previous clients you have worked with?
What is your total experience? 6 years 2 months is my total experience
What were you doing prior to join the current company? I just completed my Btech and after a month i joined this company
-Why does your petition have different sponsor than your present company? 
-How many people currently report to you? 
-How many of them are in the U.S. and outside the U.S.?
-Are they individual contributors or managers or mixed?
?Do you work for an internal team or at the client site? I work for an internal team.
-What kind of training did you go through? 



Proposed Work in the U.S:--------------------------------------

-Who is your client?
I have never heard about that company. What do they do?-It is an finance and insurance company American International Group

What does your client do?
 General Insurance, Life & Retirement. General Insurance includes Commercial, Personal Insurance, U.S. and International field operations. Life & Retirement includes Group Retirement, Individual Retirement, Life, and Institutional Markets.

What is your client requirement? They want to create mnp tickets and access them at Xpress speed (It is B2B portal).
Where will you work in the U.S.? I work at new york virtusa office.

What kind of work will you do in the U.S.? Will interact with different business teams and understand their business problem to further extend our virtusa framework for new problems. 

What will you do in the U.S.? 

What will be job responsibilities in the U.S.?

Where will you stay in the U.S.? Newyork city ???? name of the hotel ??

-Who will manage you in the U.S.? manager name

What will be your salary in the U.S.? 72 thousand dollars

?Will you get the allowance in the U.S.? 

?Why do you need to travel to the U.S.?Interact with business teams and understand their business problem to further extend our virtusa framework for new problems.

?Why can't that work be done from your home country? As there are different business teams working for the product , I need to interact  with them to streamline the requirement and design the better framework.

?How long do you plan to stay in the U.S.? 3 years

?What work will you do for your client?

Is your manager (or boss) in the U.S.? Yes

?Who is your primary contact? Is he related to you in any way? xyz, related means?

?If your manager fires you in the U.S., what will you do? 

Will you work at the client location or parent company's office? I'ill work at parent company office

?Are you going to work for multiple clients when in the U.S.?

How will your client benefit from your travel? If i travel i would have better understanding of the business problems and would design launchpad framework in robust way.

?Are you traveling for testing? No


L1B..................................

What is your specialization? Specialized at virtusa framework launchpad.
What is your special skill set?  Specialized at virtusa framework launchpad.
Why do you think it is special? Because it is virtusa's framework for kick starting application and for faster development.
Is that implemented on a particular domain?  yes, it is specilized for every domain. Implemented for Telecom and banking , now its into insurance.
What kind of specialized skills you have?  I am into the framework development from the scratch and i am specilized at  virtusa's propertiry framework launchpad.
What is so special about it? There are several such tools in the market.? - Yes, but we design this framework at component level and build our custom libraries for ease development.
Is that a software like Java or Oracle or something like that? No, It is end to application development framework.
Did you develop this tool? Yes i also have the majaor development role.
Did you invent this tool? No i havent invested.
-How many people in your team developed this tool? 
What was your exact contribution in developing such a tool? Initially i was developer, then later i designed and now i am gathering requirement and interacting with clients.
Who was leading the project? Previously i was leading a team, now i am spoc for multiple teams for business clarification and designing.
How did you gain expertise in these tools? As i am into this tool from scratch i gained the expertise.
-How long have you worked in your specialized area? i am working in this tool for last 4 years.
What phase is your current project in? Requirement analysis phase , As we have multiple iterations acorss teams for every week.
Have you done development work or modification? I was doing , but right now i am not.
Why is it necessary for you to go to the U.S. for this work? Why not someone else? 
    1,Because i need to interact with multiple business teams to understand the core problem faced by them.
	2,As i am into this framework development from quite long time i have concrete understanding about this.
-Why can't your company's U.S. team member do this work?
Is the tool you are going to work on a client tool or your company's tool? I will be working on companies tool.
-How long have you been working in XXX language? Last 4 years
?How many people will be working on XXX product in your company?
Do you know XYZ technology?
If you use proprietary tools and now that they have been developed, why can't your client hire someone onshore and
   train them to work on the same tool? Actually we are further extending the framwork for new and unfixed business problems.
?Why can't the associates already in the U.S. on site handle the work?  
?Are you customizing something for the client or are you using any third party tool?   
Will you be doing custom modifications? Yes i will be doing custom modifications.


